Last minute updates (#32340)
dotnet/docs: docs/orleans/whats-new-in-orleans.md

---
title: What's new in Orleans
description: Learn about the various new features introduced in Orleans 7.0.
ms.date: 11/08/2022
---

# What's new in Orleans 7.0

> Orleans 7.0 introduces some beneficial changes, including to hosting, POCO grains, and serialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Orleans 7.0 introduces several beneficial changes, including improvements to hosting, custom serialization, immutability, and grain abstractions.
```
